#summary Which medals should the game have?

= Introduction =

I removed the medal-part as I don't want to get to many functions which are not really needed (and probably not working correctly) in the first stable release.

Medals can be given players for various reasons. Medals are only given for good things, so you won't have any negative medals.

Here are some ideas:


== Fast player ==

It is important for the game, that players continue their games quite fast. If the sum of time the player needed to respond is smaller than 1 hour (no matter if he won or not), he will be given the fast player medal

== Supporter ==

This medal may only be given to a player by a former winner of a tournament. He can give this medal to other players, if they gave him hints how to win a chess game.

== Grandmaster ==

Awarded when a turnament is won.

== Code Supporter ==

Awarded if code the player gave some piece of code to this project

== Security supporter ==

Awarded if the player hinted to some security relevant problems (if it seems to be severe, please mail it directly to me: info@martin-thoma.de)

== Database ==
{{{
-- --------------------------------------------------------

--
-- Table structure for table `chess_medalPlayerCorrelation`
--

CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS `chess_medalPlayerCorrelation` (
  `id` int(11) NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
  `playerID` int(11) NOT NULL,
  `medalID` int(11) NOT NULL,
  PRIMARY KEY (`id`)
) ENGINE=MyISAM DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8 AUTO_INCREMENT=1 ;

--
-- Dumping data for table `chess_medalPlayerCorrelation`
--


-- --------------------------------------------------------

--
-- Table structure for table `chess_medals`
--

CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS `chess_medals` (
  `id` int(11) NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
  `name` varchar(255) NOT NULL,
  `description` text NOT NULL,
  `image` varchar(255) NOT NULL COMMENT 'URL',
  PRIMARY KEY (`id`)
) ENGINE=MyISAM DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8 AUTO_INCREMENT=1 ;

--
-- Dumping data for table `chess_medals`
--

}}}