#summary How should moves be submitted to the server?

= Introduction =
The moves are submitted like simply by giving a gameID-parameter and a move-parameter via GET to playChess.php:

`www.yourserver.com/chess/playChess.php?gameID=1&move=7274`

which is equivalent to:

`www.yourserver.com/chess/playChess.php?gameID=1&iccfalpha=g2g4`

Keep in mind that you have to submit your session variables, too.



Think of the chess board as fields with coordinates:

|| playChess?gameID=1&move=2224 || playChess?gameID=1&move=b2b4 ||
|| http://community-chess.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/documentation/Chess-ICCF-Notation.png || http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b6/SCD_algebraic_notation.svg/200px-SCD_algebraic_notation.svg.png ||

You always give two coordinates: from and to. In the example given above, from is 72 and to 74. So if this is your first move, you will move your pawn.

= Promotion =
If one of your pawns reaches the base line of the opponent, it [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Promotion_(chess) promotes]. You have to submit which chess piece you would like to get (q, r, b, n. Take a look at ChessPieces). Its not case-sensitive. So you submit your move like this:
`www.yourserver.com/chess/playChess.php?gameID=1&move=8788q`

= Castling =
If you like to do [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Castling castling], you submit only the move of your king. 

  * You are white
    * castling kingside: `www.yourserver.com/chess/playChess.php?gameID=1&move=5171`
    * castling queenside: `www.yourserver.com/chess/playChess.php?gameID=1&move=5131`
  * You are black
    * castling kingside: `www.yourserver.com/chess/playChess.php?gameID=1&move=5878`
    * castling queenside: `www.yourserver.com/chess/playChess.php?gameID=1&move=5838`

= fifty-move rule =
You can claim draw by the [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fifty-move_rule fifty-move rule] if at least 50 moves were made by both players without any capture or pawn move:
<pre>www.yourserver.com/chess/playChess.php?gameID=1&claim50MoveRule=true</pre>


<g:plusone size="medium"></g:plusone>