#summary Roadmap. Sounds better than "ToDo-list".

= 1. Make a basic chess game possible =
  * ~~Add [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/En_passant en passant]~~ (done: 2011-07-28) 
  * ~~Add [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fifty-move_rule Fifty-move rule]~~ (done: 2011-07-28)
  * ~~Add [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Threefold_repetition Threefold repetition]~~ (done: 2011-07-29)
  * ~~Add [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perpetual_check Perpetual check]~~ (done: 2011-07-29 - it's a special case of threefold repetion or fifty-move rule)
  * ~~Add [http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tote_Stellung Tote Stellung]~~ (done: 2011-07-29 - it's a special case of threefold repetion or fifty-move rule)

= 2. Interfaces =
  * ~~Create an interface which allows players to specify the software they use.~~ (done: 2011-08-11)
  * ~~Add an interface for starting turnaments~~ (done some time ago)

= 3. Frameworks =
I will not support Frameworks as I thought an own challenge site would be nice.
  * ~~Make it easy to use it with [http://trac.gwf3.gizmore.org/browser GWF 3] / [http://www.wechall.net/wechall.zip WeChall] ~~
  * ~~phpBB~~

= 3.1 Database =
I am currently thinking about using Adodb:
  * [http://phplens.com/lens/lensforum/topics.php?LeNs#LensBM_forumtpc Forum]
  * [http://adodb.sourceforge.net/ Website]
  * [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ADOdb Wikipedia]
  * Current version: 5.14

= 4. Cleanup =
At the moment, the code is very ugly. I know it. But it was more important to me to get a working piece of fast code than writing it beautiful. 

As soon as all features are implemented, I will clean the code.

= 5. Beta-Testing =
Set Community Chess online. Make at least five games which should have the following moves:
  * Castling (Kingsside and Queensside)
  * Promotion
  * En passant
  * Giving up

= 6. Promotion =
  * Set up a own (challenging) website?
  * Create banner / images
  * Integrate into different Challenge Websites
  * Contact some chess magazines?